# I Built a List of 96,853 Franchise Owners for $0 (Here&#39;s How)

**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SENPGiXzT-o

## Transcript

It's been a while. Now, what we're going to talk about today is why people aren't getting the most out of AI, and I'm going to tell you the story about how I'm about to publish an article that is end-to-end optimized for the most number of things. And this is just a case study about how to think about AI value extraction. While most people are trying to get it to write better or write a blog post, I'm going to walk you through my framework about how I actually built something and why AI enabled every part of it at a very cheap rate. So, let's work backwards from the problem. So, one of my annual subscribers, uh edge.blueprintgtm.com, said to me, "Hey Jordan, I'm trying to build a list of every franchisee and every franchise owner in the country." And because I like to give a lot of value, I said, "Let me do that for you, and I'll write a post about it, and I'll make the data set available to any annual subscriber." But I didn't just begin. The very first

thing that I did is I built a skill to go understand what is the SEO traffic that I should be optimizing for. What are the keyword searches with like low uh low difficulty to rank against. So, I put together all sort of the latest in AEO and GEO advice here about this to see if there was a commercial opportunity in doing this from from the get-go. Then what I did is that skill basically said, "Here's everything you need to do. There is a commercial opportunity. Here's everything you need to do to frame that." Okay, great. So, I know that there's an internal opportunity, a chance to make my customer happy, and then external opportunity, a chance to grab some some value here. And that was like, I don't know, like less than a dollar or five dollars. I did use dataforseo.com to identify this. Great. Fantastic. Now I had to say, "Can I build this list of franchises?" And there's a bunch of companies that are selling this, too. They sell this data set. And that used to be valuable in the past cuz you have to write a lot of code and have engineers, etc. So, I just spent a lot of time with Cloud Code. And all I'm

going to uh for the people that are paying 50 bucks a month, I probably will provide you um like some of the key insights here. Th- This article's coming soon. And it turns out that there are some states that provide these franchise disclosure documents. And it turns out that if you're in one of those states that when you provide a an FDD that you also list all of your other locations. So, that's super interesting. That means if you file in Wisconsin, you have any location in Wisconsin, all of your other locations are available, too. So, great. So, I built downloaders for all of those open states. That was fantastic. Then [clears throat] I had another skill that was basically able to go parse those PDFs uh and for for free by just using OCR and cropping the PDFs. Um and I won't sort of bore you with a lot of the details here, but uh and there's a couple of other data

sources like I use the Blitz API to be able to go find all of to do like uh website domain to LinkedIn domain matching. And then go find uh all of the people at the franchisees. And then I used a tool that is um uh basically a updated version of OpenStreetMap. I'm seeing if I can find the name for you. Uh it has it has a It's funny. It has a It has a name like Oh gosh. Uh I'll put this in the doc. I forget the name, but OpenStreetMap is basically a um an open an open version of Google Maps. And and this is a a better version of OpenStreetMap. So, so great. So, now I could find I can match all the addresses to the individual locations. So, now I have an understanding of what are the businesses, what are the locations. I know the SEO uh title. I've I'm actually

going to make this whole data set available for yearly subscribers. But, the point is that for marginally low dollars, I can create an asset that is a subscription for another another company. So, I have the demand, right? I've got the sort of SEO demand here. I built the entire database. So, all of the owner names of the franchisee owners, their number of locations, and all of that for I don't know, probably hundreds of dollars. It's pretty cheap. Uh then what I'm going to do is I'm going to publish this thing on Substack and allow people to basically not just get the list for $2,500, but get all of the tooling to rebuild the list. So, when it comes up next year, you don't have to pay me. So, this is what AI enablement looks like. I built a skill to go use SEO to determine how I should structure the information. I replicated another business, right? There's a lot of companies that sell this, just based on public information alone and and with some APIs, etc. for

relatively low cost. Then I will basically um the the value prop to the customer is not buy my SaaS instead of that SaaS. It's not even pay me what you pay them. It's pay me $2,500 for the entire year to get the entire data set today, so you pay no additional enrichment costs, and the ability to replicate this yourself. That's the value that I'm providing. And in this case, I'm not competing against people like me. I'm competing against the people that are selling this data set. Oh, and by the way, when I'm done with this, I'm going to find every customer of those um uh of the of my competitors essentially, for this data set. Uh, and also go find everyone that sells to franchises. And so, you can kind of see how all the way along I am just one person. And by the way, the next article can take the inverse, which is not from a subscriber. It's like, go find the data sets that

people are searching for, and like technographics is one of them. So, I'm going to create an article on I've already have a tool that does that, but go find the highest demand, go create the information here. Um, maybe even go run Google Ads against it to the Substack. Uh, oh, by the way, I am logging I'm having it log in to my Google Search Console, my Bing Search Index, which I guess all the LLMs use Bing, to basically go monitor how I'm doing and figure out if I'm the seventh position in one case and how to get to the first or the second position. And so, all along the way I am using AI to do everything, but it's not about personalization and it's not about content that I'm, you know, trying to uh, uh, to click get clickbaited on, right? It's that every piece of this is A, competing against an overpriced incumbent, B, providing the service at a much, much, much lower rate, C, using cloud code to be able to combine all of this information, and B, I basically

I don't that's D or E. Basically, be able to uh, compete in an industry that used to take a bunch of developers, and their entire business model is now based on this thing that a guy in his basement can do in a weekend. So, this is what the future of AI looks like. It is assembling the context in the right way, uh, with the principles of growth behind it, competing against an overpriced incumbent, and giving them the tools to be able to build it themselves to remove their dependence. And kind of in that way, it doesn't matter if my data set is only 80% as good as their data set and it probably is. It's probably even less. It's that the customer now has a durable cheap repeatable way to displace that vendor and my value is teaching them to do that for other things and because I have a relatively low price of scrap subscription relative to what they're already buying,

it means that I can compete in a content marketplace selling data Substack selling data and I also can provide value to people that are both searching the web and also would need this data set. This is what the best use of AI looks like. It is not trying to personalize a message, right? That is a fool's errand and a waste of tokens. But if you can think about from a first principle standpoint which is if you had all of the information in the world, what information would you want and how would you assemble it such that growth would become the default? And this is an example of that. And I think if we begin with this premise which is structure all the information from the internet in what order would I need to structure it, what information would I need and how would I assemble that information such that money comes out the other side or more appropriately customer value comes out the other side. If we start asking that question and we open our eyes to what's possible with

these tools, suddenly we will realize that the way in which we are spending tokens is not aligned with the value that the customer gets and once we can fix that, these capabilities will multiply us, not confuse us and not confuse our customers. Thanks so much. The article is coming soon. I am so grateful for you. Bye.
