# I sent 10,000,000 cold emails, here&#39;s what works in 2025

**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfpLJqkmB6I

## Transcript

Did you think cold email was going to be easy? I know I did when I first got started. In the past 4 years, I've sent over 30 million cold [music] emails. And in the past 90 days, we've averaged 222 positive responses [music] every single day on behalf of our customers. Along the way, I actually learned that there was a lot of roadblocks and lessons that I needed to learn [music] about scaling, launching campaigns, and coming up with good ideas. And I wish there was information out there like this video we're going to show you today. Today, we're going to go over a lot of lessons I wish I knew when [music] I first started cold email so you don't make the same mistakes that I did and you can start implementing them in your campaigns and get higher reply rates. I get this question all the time. When should we retire a domain and throw it away and when should we try to rehabilitate it? 2 years ago, if you asked me this question, I would say put the domain to the side, let it warm up for 45 days, it's going to come back. In today's spam cannon environment, throw it away. We do not put any effort into [music] saving domains anymore. Any effort of your time that you put into trying to [music] fix a $12 domain with a $6 inbox on it is absolutely a waste of time. What we do is we always keep

the amount of email inboxes that we need to send emails running and then we have a onetoone backup for all of our customers so we can always put in new [music] inboxes. If you're running email campaigns, how do you know that inboxes are burned? This is a tough question because you can do a lot of tests, but not every test is a perfect barometer for actually knowing that inboxes are burned. So, there's essentially four ways that you can know that [music] inboxes are burned and they give you different insights into different things. One, is your reply rate suffering? If you're sending out emails, you're not receiving any out of office emails. You're not receiving any automated messages. You're not getting negative responses, you're not getting leads. Most likely, your inboxes are burned and you need to set up new ones or switch to that different infrastructure that you hopefully have that I always say that everybody should be having. The problem with this one is if your email copy just stinks or you got your list wrong, people might not be responding. and that's just something else that's wrong, but the inboxes are actually landing in the inbox. In any case, if your reply rate is below 1%, you want to try to shut down the campaign cuz something's going wrong with that campaign and you want to try to get those numbers up. Number two, if

your bounces on your email campaign are starting to go up and you know that you validated your leads, a lot of times they're going to spam. Sometimes, and I know who some of you people are, you will blame the clay email waterfall, which is ridiculous because that's not true, but you will blame the clay email waterfall for bounces in your campaigns. When in fact, your domains are actually burnt. And the way you know the difference between the two, is if a bounce code comes back and it says, "This was undeliverable. This email doesn't exist. That was bad data." And it's going to happen sometimes. But if you send an email and it says report it as spam or [music] message blocked or it says status code 550 error, anything that it says, upload it to chatbt or your favorite future, you know, destroyer of the world LLM and then you're going to be able to understand what your problem is with your emails. Another way that you can tell is the inbox reputation on the sending platform that you're using, Smart Lead, Instantly, whatever you're using, it's going to say, "Hey, this is your warm-up score." us internally is if that warm-up score ever drops below 100%. We just assume the entire inbox is burned because if it's going to spam in the

warm-up pool, sending just generic copy, your sales copy out there in the real world is going to be going to spam. So, we'll take it down. If we still can't figure everything out, the final nail in our coffin is to turn on open tracking for 2 days for campaigns. Now, I know open tracking you shouldn't be tracking it because it messes with the spam filters and things like that. For those that don't know, the only people who send open tracking pixels are marketers. So when a spam folder evaluates, should we put this in the inbox or the spam, then they see the open tracking pixel. And just because they see the open tracking pixel doesn't mean you go to spam. But it's one of the deductions that you'll get on your inbox reputation for going to spam. If you do open tracking for 2 days, it'll be very clear that you should be really getting with any subject line a 60% open rate as long as you're landing in the inbox because most of those are going to be automatically opened by Apple, but they're not going to be automatically opened if you're landing in spam. And on the flip side, you'll usually see some inboxes are very healthy. Some inboxes are getting 10% opens or something like that. Cut the 10% open ones and keep all of the healthy ones. Every time we've

run this process, we will go reply rate first, check the bounce rate, check the reputation, and then if we really have to do this, we check the open tracking. And every time we cut the bad inboxes, and we only use the high performing inboxes, reply rates go up. So, I'm just very confident that you should be doing this as well, too. Some of you come to me and they say, "Oh my gosh, Eric, inboxes are so expensive. I can only send 30 emails per day per inbox." That's best practice stuff. We start off sending 30 emails per day per inbox cuz that's just the number that we have found that kind of works for us. Everybody has their own feelings. Some people start at 50. I know people who start at 15. It all just kind of matters on a little bit of your offer and and how safe you want to be. If you have a campaign that is getting a good response rate and so let's say it's getting a 2% response rate and for every 200 people you're reaching out to, you're getting a positive response. If you don't want to invest in more domains and more inboxes and you're sending 30 emails a day, I would say you're safe to start pushing it to 50 emails a day, just always keep in mind and make sure there's not any crazy drop offs. Make sure you're doing

all of your regular testing and just have extra inboxes on the sidelines like I always say that you should do and you could push the limits on the inbox sending volume. Some of you ask questions and you say, "Eric, I want to follow all your best practices, but I'm a sales rep who just started a new company. We want to use Smartle, but we need to start building pipeline today. I can't wait for the twoe warm-up. What can I do? Whenever you're thinking about email deliverability, you want to think about what does a spammer do and how can I do the opposite of what a spammer does. A spammer will buy a domain and then send thousands of emails from the domain immediately day one. If you set up 30 Google inboxes to start sending cold emails from and you take a subset of those inboxes that you don't want to let them warm up and you want to start using them right away, you can get away with that if you really need to start rushing things. Never ever use everything that you've got. just get started with a little bit of sending so you can start seeing some results. So, if you're going to send 30 emails per day on the inboxes that you're going to let warm up for two to three weeks, if you need to start in one day, if you load up those inboxes and you send five emails a day, set the settings on your sequencer to send one email an hour, you're going to be fine. It's totally

normal for a founder to start a domain and then get an inbox and then they're sending emails and they'll land in people's inboxes. Just keep it super slow, keep it low, and then ramp it up over time. and make sure you always have other inboxes that are going to warm up for their full term. I'm going to call my shot on this video and I think one of the things that we'll have to do in the future for cold email is you're going to have to start aging your domains much more before you start your outreach. We just closed a customer that I hope we will be able to have a case study about and they are targeting only Fortune 1000 companies and they took a really long time to get copyrighting back to us and things like that. So, we didn't launch after 3 weeks. We actually launched after four weeks of email warm-up and those inbox we got terrible inbox placements in these Fortune 1000 companies. So we were iterating doing our regular things and then just out of nowhere we kept swapping inboxes because we have extra and then out of nowhere we just started getting responses and the inboxes that warmed up for 6 weeks were making it into these Fortune 1000 accounts. I don't want to see you nerds on LinkedIn saying, "Oh, Eric Noski said you have to warm up inboxes for 6 weeks and everything." This is one example. We're going to be doing much more

research. We'll see how this goes. But one thing that I definitely think is going to be the case is what you might have to start doing is you'll have inboxes that warm up for 2 weeks and then you're going to have another batch of inboxes that warm up for 4 weeks. You'll have another batch of inboxes that warm up for 2 months. That age of those domains is going to start playing a bigger role and you're going to know that the inboxes that warm up less are going to burn faster and you're going to want to keep some to the side that are going to reach that 2 month and the age of the domain is going to become very important. Another tip with aging domains is as we all know domains is an annual cost and inboxes are a monthly cost. All the time companies like Pork Bun and Dinod are running sales where they'll sell.com domains or.co domains for really great prices. Keep in mind the age of the domain is important too. So if you ever see those sales, take advantage of them. Don't set up inboxes immediately. So you could get 100 domains. You get all of those domains and then just let them age. You don't have to start using them. let them age for 3 months and then when your other domains burn and you didn't want to pay for the Google inboxes or the Outlook inboxes because it was too much of a monthly expense. Just take advantage of the discount. You're going to have to

buy the domains eventually. It's okay to buy them and not start warming them because that age is really going to make a difference. One thing that I see customers [music] and people who are looking to get into cold email worry a lot about is [music] how their domains look. And I just want to say that it's not as important as you might think. Now, obviously, you don't want to create a really crappy domain. you want the domain to be branded for yourself and those kind of things. After we started launching free tests for customers, we [music] will buy domains that are extremely generic and send campaigns from them and we get positive responses for companies that you have heard of and we run our free tests on generic domains and it [music] we still get positive responses from it. Obviously, you want to make it look as nice as you possibly can, but we have some domains that are literally 30 characters long and we still get responses all the time. Targeting local leads has always been a difficulty because a lot of times they don't have LinkedIn data. But Clay and all the powers that it has has finally made it easier to get access to. So if your target market does not have a huge LinkedIn presence, using the Google map scraper inside of Clay is a great alternative for you to be able to scrape

areas for keywords and then use Clay agent to go out and find the owner so that you can get the name and then you can start guessing their email addresses with your favorite email providers after that. And so you can combine the tools of Google map scraping to find anybody that you who reasonably has a Google maps business and then use clay agent to get people's names and owners and things like that that you wouldn't previously get. And you know now local leads are really unlocked only because of Clay and Clay. Sometimes something happens with your competitor. They go out of business. They get purchased by another company. Something happens and you want to target your competitors. Some of the best ways to be able to do that is by following the digital footprints that their competitors leave. And so you can often do this by using tools like builtwith.com. They work by finding companies that have installed certain technologies on their website and then tell you, hey, these websites are using these technologies. You can also use the jobs source inside of Clay to look for keywords of somebody saying, "Hey, you're going to be responsible for managing this tool. We use Salesforce." And then you'd know that they're using Salesforce or Quickbooks or other things

that they don't often install on their website. One of the very first things that we did when working at Clay is actually Nikolai, shout out to Nikolai, he was talking about golden ICP. And what I love about a golden ICP framework is it's really only possible to take action on a golden ICP in clay.com. And so what I mean by a golden ICP is you have your ICP. It's founders of small businesses. Let's take accounting as an example. You have accounting services and you want to sell accounting services to founders of small businesses. You have your ICP, founders of small businesses. But let's take it a step lower. Founders of small businesses that have never raised money before. That's a better ICP than the people who have raised money because they've probably figured out with their investors and all these other things. Then we take founders of small businesses that have never raised money before and they've only been in business for 2 years. Much better ICP. And we could take it down a level. Founders of small businesses who have never raised money before, who founded their company less than 2 years ago, and they have a history of becoming a CEO or no history of becoming a CEO. You could change your messaging

depending on each one. If they've never been a CEO before, they don't know what this headache is like. If they have been a CEO before, they know what it's like and they know they need to take care of it. And so what's so amazing about Clay is you can take multiple layers of your ICP and say, "Okay, when four things are true about them, we're going to send this message. And when three things are true about them, we're going to send this message. And when two things are true, and when one thing is true, if they just have an valid email address and a pulse, we just want to send an email to them." Only with Clay can you do that level of golden ICP enrichment. And I don't see enough people taking advantage of that. oftentimes there's data points about companies that are difficult to to really get a good grasp on. And so what you can use in clay is you can combine the data providers in clay and then use clay agent to further try to average out or figure out what it might be. Employee headcount is one of the issues that you'll have [music] for a SAS company. Most of their employees are going to be on LinkedIn. You got to know a little bit about the data on a LinkedIn company page. There's the associated members and it'll say 102 people work at this SAS company. And then there is the bracket at the top of their company page where they say 50 to 200 people work at this company. The 50

to 200 number is self-reported by the person who set up the LinkedIn company page. The associated member one is just the amount of people who joined. So for a SAS company, that's really accurate. For an e-commerce company, that might not be that accurate. So depending on the industry that you're going for, you have to either trust the company bracket that was self-reported or the associated member count to get an idea of the size of the employees of the companies that you're going after. But sometimes you want to add in another level of more data because who knows the last time that the LinkedIn company page was updated by the intern who works in the marketing department at the plumbing company, she might have left and nobody's managing that anymore. And so you want to find something else. And so another way that you can kind of triangulate this data is I love looking at Glass Door because Glass Door is a place that they're probably actively posting jobs and they need to keep their profile up to date and they're doing a lot of recruiting off of it. And then that number is self-reported as well too. So you can figure out how many associated members do they have? What's the self-reported LinkedIn bracket? What's the self-reported number on Glass Door as well too? You can use the data sources that are just scraping data and

then triangulate it with Clagent to be able to really increase your accuracy. Now, we're going to go further into the clayent side of things because I want to talk about building your own intent signals. When you think about the evolution of B2B data, it used to be just I don't know if anybody ever did this, but it was just these lists that some dude would put together and he would never show his face on the Zoom call and he always wanted to call your phone and I never would see their faces. I don't know. I some other people have to know that they were so odd. And they would sell you these lists and you'd say, "Who's on this list?" And they say, "I don't know. It's just a list of email addresses." It was crazy. And then you could actually figure out okay this is the person they have this job title and this is the company that they work at. And then we moved on further and we have all this diversification of data providers. You have so many technology providers. You have so many inmographic providers. All these different things. And what ClayNet has really been able to do is all of these data providers at this point the way that they're getting their data is they visit a website and they're scraping the data because every time they visit the same page on the website they could take the data out the same exact way. It's structured. the LinkedIn first name is in the same spot on every page for every single person's

LinkedIn profile. But what Clagent can do is it can attack that data that's unstructured. And so it's getting the data that somebody's about us page is on a different page of the website all the time. Somebody's blogs is in a different spot. It's going to be able to handle the blended messiness of people's websites. And then the next evolution of this is going to be when you can have one, an AI agent that can run multiple tasks, but then also click on buttons and navigate things and actually go through an application and different things like that. Use Clagent to take that data that you really can't get in a structured way and then structure that unstructured data. If you want to find more custom buying signals, and you've heard me talk way too much about Clagent, what I like to use a lot is a company called Zenrose. Because if you're not into data scraping and all this other stuff, when you try to scrape pages that have what's called programmatic SEO pages, which is most often what what you want to scrape, you're going to need proxies to be able to pass their anti- scraping technologies. And Zenrose takes care of all of that and they'll parse the data for you. And it's just all really, really good stuff. There's another company called Instant Data Scraper, which is like the gateway drug to scraping. Every person in sales should have this Chrome extension. It's

amazing. Or you can even have Chat GBT [music] create Python tools for you. And I've done this to scrape Yelp at scale and just, you know, scraping all the local businesses on there. Now, web scraping, there's no excuse to not be able to get the data you want, and there's no excuse to be manually getting data. I had a company come to me and they said, "Eric, I think we want to use your services. We're getting a 3% reply rate, but we're having trouble booking the meetings." And I said, "You're probably not going to need our services, but let's talk." Basically, they were a chocolate company and they said in their emails, they were saying, "Hey, we we've done gifts for all these companies. We've got all these followers on Instagram. The next time you want to do gifts for the employees, you can make it our chocolate. We'll send you a free sample." And he said, "We get tons of replies, but we're not booking any of the meetings." And I said, "This is your problem. You are not clearly tying the lead magnet to the call." And so by simply switching their CTA to, [music] hey, to show you how it works, let's hop on a call and as an example, I'll send you a free chocolate basket. That immediately increased their booking rates. And a lot of the times when you're using these lead magnets, like you should be, you just should tie them to the call so that you get what you

want, they get what they want, and everybody wins. One of my favorite lessons in copywriting I learned from Josh Braun, and this is for an accounting offer. And of course, apply the lesson. Don't just think this is for the people who have accounting offers. He basically said, instead of pitching somebody and saying, hey, we do taxes for people and we help them save on their taxes, change it and think to yourself, okay, my buyer, they already have an accountant, they already have some kind of solution. What's really their worry and what's really their problem? And so he suggested to say, how do you know that your current accountant is using every legal loophole to get you as much money back from the government as possible? And see, I just love that for numerous amounts of reasons because then you're leaning into the fact that, you know, they already have an accountant. you're leaning into the worry that everybody has with their accountants and I like putting in legal loophole because who doesn't love legal tax loopholes and so always keep that in mind and see if you can apply that little twist of a painbased messaging to your copyrightiting. Eric, we don't have any lead magnets. I hear that all the time from companies and I get it. One of my favorite lead magnets that works for

us outbound agency owners steal this. We have a lead magnet that we cold email people and we say, "Hey, the best signal that all of our customers ask us for is for new hire signals." And so we will pull that data from Clay and then I'll email people and I'll say this is a list of every person in the United States with a director level and above position who joined the company in the last month just request access to the Google sheet so that I know that you got this lead magnet and it's all yours. A lot of companies though don't have a tangible lead magnet that they can provide value digitally to somebody without integrating with their CRM and getting into their tech stack and doing a bunch of this evaluation stuff. Especially SAS companies, service companies, you always have some little free thing that you could probably offer somebody. But a lot of these SAS companies, they struggle with this. One thing that you have to think about is most businesses are based off of information arbitrage. Tonight, I'm going to be going to a restaurant. They have this Japanese sweet potato. I don't know where they get this thing from. And if I did, I would buy pounds of them. It's a sweet potato, but it's it's insane. I I can't I don't even know what to tell you. It's But I don't know where they get it from, right? They have information arbitrage. You as a business owner running your SAS company, you know something about the market or you have

an opinion on the market that your prospects would probably find very interesting. Instead of trying to create some crazy lead magnet and getting into lovable and you know watching Patrick Spky's video about making lead magnets and all that other stuff with you know crazy code the other thing that you could do is you know something that the market wants to know email them and say hey would you want to know about our framework for consistently repeating these results. Do you want to know about our LinkedIn content framework if you're of that LinkedIn scheduling tool or something and you have things that people do that really make them successful in their businesses. You know what that is. You don't even have to prepare it. Just say on the call, we're going to go over this thing that's going to work for you. Again, everybody's favorite radio station. Nobody listens to the radio, but this analogy doesn't work without it. Is W I FM. What's in it for me? Right? And so, whenever you're sending an email, always think about if this person responds yes, what are they going to get in return? How many tests are you going to run for our outbound email campaigns? This is a question we get all the time for our customers. The only rule we have with splitting up testing is, in my opinion, you have to test at least a sentence. At least a sentence change. And it's got to be a

big change in the email [music] for it to be worth a test. Sometimes people ask us and they they say, "Oh, you know, Eric, what's the difference if we say, "Is this worth a chat?" versus, "Would you be open next week?" It's like, "Okay, maybe, but is that really going to have a material difference?" Or any difference that you see between the two of them is probably some statistically insignificant thing. So, when you're changing things, you want to try, does this, you know, whole sentence generated with AI make a difference? Or does changing the messaging from pain-based value proposition to like a benefit-based value proposition, does that change the messaging? You really want to like change a whole chunk of your messaging instead of just little things that you think are going to make a little bit of a difference. Chunk up to the real important things. There are actually only three ways that an outbound campaign can go wrong. One, your campaign stinks and it's just not getting enough replies and that's just the way that it is and you have to rewrite your campaign and change everything else up. Two, you're not sending enough email ones. [music] Email one is the top performing email across all of our customer sequences. I know there's going to be some of you who say, "Oh, I get a lot of responses from email six." But you also get a lot of spam reports on email 6. So, optimize for

email one. And then the third reason is because your inboxes start getting trashed. Your bounce rates are going up because of status code 550 errors or they're just going to spam and just these other things. And so the metrics that we'll track to stay on top of this is internally to make sure all this is the same is a lot of times for our customers we'll get to a baseline reply rate that we know that we'll get and we put that into our air table system and we say hey if we ever drop below this positive response rate we got to fix the campaign and then what we'll also do is we'll be tracking for how many net new emails are we sending. We know that sending enough volume over time is also important but we know that as long as we're sending enough net new emails we're always going to be hitting those volume numbers. And then we've also automatically started tracking the inbox reputation and rotating those things in and out. And we're working on automatically tracking the open rate tracking as well too. But essentially, we're getting into kind of nerd stuff here. If you're running your own email campaign, keep in mind there's only three things that can go wrong. Either campaign needs to be rewritten or you're not sending enough email ones, the inboxes are going to trash. Always optimize for those things so that you have the leading indicators and not the lagging indicators of a failing pipeline. Clay has created a new term

called GTM alpha. Alpha is an investing term that there is the average or something like an index is doing. So the S&P 500 has some kind of return over the year and if you beat that return, you have created alpha. Clay helps people create that alpha. And in this section, we're going to go over how we create alpha for ourselves and cold email campaigns and for our customers. I always tell people when you're trying to figure out your own goto market alpha, you always want to think about what would you research about a company or a person for 10 minutes and how does that change your message? And that is where you can unlock a lot of alpha by working backwards from that framework and then repeating the process automatically in clay.com. Another example of us helping create go to market alpha in cold email campaigns was we were working with a e-commerce plug-in that was a software to show customers in their checkout how far along the company was to hitting their sustainability goals. And the more that they added to their cart, the more that they would be able to help with their sustainability goals. And so what we would do is we first just emailed everybody. We had no segmentation or targeting and we just wanted to see

could we just email e-commerce stores and see who would be interested in this. In that we got one positive response for every 650 people that we reached out to. Then we took it a step deeper and we said okay what would a human do? What would you do if you had 10 minutes to research a company and we then decided we should research if the company has any listed sustainability goals on their website and we should mention that in our email copy. And so then what we did is we used Claggent to find the page where they mentioned sustainability goals and then to figure out what kind of sustainability and impact goals that they had. When we included that into the first line of our email campaign and the follow-ups of our email campaign, instead of going from 1 in 650, we went to 1 in 250 contacts. [music] And then even further, we took it another step and then we said, let's use that same link that C agent found the proof of the sustainability on and let's screenshot that page so we can send that in the email. And then we can also show further proof that we did the research and we were actually on their page. When we did that, we got one positive response for every 120 people that we reached out to.

And as you can see, a lot of times there's layers of go to market alpha that you could keep going and further increase your response rates. Now, a lot of people in the comments might say, "Oh, but the best practice isn't to send images, this, that, and the other thing." If the image increases the response rate, but lowers your deliverability rate, I would say send the image because it nets out to always being worth it. And you could always remove the image and your domains are most likely going to be fine. The worst thing that can happen to a domain is you get marked as spam. As some of you might know, I have the honor and privilege to help supplement the team at clay.com by helping them run some of their cold emails. And an interesting campaign that we found for them that worked really well is we would use Cagent to find a case study on the website and we'd find out what they did with that case study so that they could say, "Hey, I saw that great case study you had with OpenAI and how you helped them increase their inbound leads and I had a question." In the next line, say, "How are you finding more customers like those great customers in your case studies? You can use Clay's lookalike feature to expand and find more companies that are exactly like the companies in your case study. Would you want to chat?" Those

combinations of that first line, finding the case study, talking about how we can help find more case studies, and then basically saying how much better they can close those deals if they were finding look likes of those case studies is a really outperforming campaign that we run for clay.com. And we're running a lot of different triggers. And it's very funny that that simple playbook is something that's standing out. Another amazing company that we have the privilege of running outbound campaigns for is instantly.ai. And they have so many experiments that we've run for them because we've been working with them for over a year and a half. And what's really interesting with them is the alpha that we found in their campaigns is we ran all kinds of campaigns targeting companies with really large sales teams, targeting companies with founder sales teams, companies that just hired a new VP of sales, companies with multiple VPs of sales, companies that didn't have Demark on their website, so their sales reps emails were going to spam, all these different things. The best campaign that we have found for them is when we analyze what the company does and then we send three creative ideas of how they could be using Instantly and be able to implement it into their own sales process right away. Send those ideas and then ask them if they want to get started on a trial on

Instantly and that has still a year later outperformed everything else that we've tried. So sometimes you try all these signals and these triggers and those things sometimes outperform, then other times just AI messaging that makes it extremely relevant to the person you're reaching out to is also the way you get to alpha. This is one of my favorite examples. Unfortunately, this is the only example on the list that you're not able to do automatically yet. Clay is releasing a feature that's going to let you be able to do this automatically. But one of my favorite versions of go to market alpha we found was for a company that automates sales tax compliance for e-commerce brands. And what they found was when they manually reached out to companies, again, remember it always starts with, "What would you manually do?" They found that if they researched how many states they were collecting sales tax in, they would then say, "Hey, you're collecting sales tax in 30 states or you're collecting sales tax in three states or whatever it had to be." If they weren't collecting sales tax in all the states, they'd say, "Hey, you're missing this state and this state. We could help you automate your sales tax compliance. Would you want to talk?" Or if they were collecting sales tax in all the states that require it, it's actually only like 48 or 47 or something. Then they would say, "Hey, you're doing a great job of

this. Is it a lot to handle? we could help take it off your plate. And even though at the time we had to have somebody collect that information manually, today Clay Operator is going to be able to go to pages and click on things and do research for you and all kinds of things. So that will be automatable in the near future and take a look out for that. But that was one of my favorite examples of some of the earliest alpha that we ever ran for our customers. Another form of alpha that I wanted to talk about is a campaign that we ran for ourselves internally. Yes, we use AI for this campaign. And I think Clay can bring a lot of alpha. And obviously, this whole video, I just gave 10 examples of alpha that you could create with Clay. There's also a lot of alpha in sitting down and creating a much better offer for your customers. Any outbound agency in the world can send an email and say, "Hey, we get people leads. Do you want leads? We can [music] get you leads." That's the worst message that an outbound agency could possibly send. We also could combine some of the alpha that we talked about in clay.com and some of the alpha with instantly and basically say, "Hey, I saw you have this case study. We could help you find more customers like this. Are you running any campaigns like this?" Bullet point, bullet point, bullet

point. I know for a fact, and I'll get the numbers on this, that that AI generated message gets far more responses and better responses than that garbage message off to the side. But when we ran an outbound campaign to say the same thing with the AI generated message, but what we started doing for our outbound customers is we start our engagements with a free test. So everybody knows that [music] either how many leads to expect or how difficult outbound is going to be for them, we launched a free test to be able to do that. And so now when we send outbound emails, we can send the same email, but instead of saying, "Would you want to book a call with me to talk about us serving you?" It's, "Would you want to book a call with me?" And we can launch a free campaign for you. That blew out any increase that we had from the AI. Well, the AI was still amazing, but the adding in the offer just made it a complete no-brainer for people. And so as you're putting in all this effort on using AI and scraping lists and all these other things, you also have to think about what can you build your value proposition in a way that when you send somebody an email, it's very clear, I respond to this email and this is what I get in return. What's in it for them is always the most important thing and the reason why they're actually going to

be responding to emails. Just remember that the definition of learning isn't just being able to recall information. It's about taking action. Cuz if you watch this whole video and you don't take any action, honestly, that just means that you wasted your time. [music] So, take these tips, put them into your own campaigns, and start experimenting with what works for you. And if you need more information, here's a great video by my friend Patrick on how to get B2B customers in 2025. I'll see you there.
