# LinkedIn Sales Navigator: The Ultimate Guide to B2B Lead Generation in 2026

**Creator:** Morgan J Ingram

**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vno7VsbAbFk

## Transcript

In today's video, I'm giving you my complete LinkedIn sales navigator system for B2B lead generation. And for context, I've been doing this for the past decade and I partner with LinkedIn to directly educate their community on this information. So, do not leave until the end because I'm going to share with you the exact search filters on how to find the decision makers at the perfect time, the right messaging you can send to book over 100 calls for yourself, and the filtering techniques that most experts don't even know that exist. This is the same system we've used to generate over 6 million pipeline and the same system collectively our clients have used to close over $48 million in business. So, with that being said, let's dive right into it and show you how Sales Navigator works. Now, I'm going to share my screen and as I go into this, I think we all can agree that the home screen I think is completely pointless. I'm I'm going to be real with y'all. Like, I see the home screen, I'm like, what's the point of this? Anyways, I'm going to start with the lead filter. So, I believe there are five filters that if you use them today, right after watching this video, you will book a meeting. If you don't, you can hit me

up. I promise you, you will. So, let's dive into what those five are and then we'll build on top of that. So, the first one I always point out to is posted on LinkedIn in the last 30 days. So, if you look at this right here, recent updates, it will tell you this that you posted on LinkedIn last 30 days. And the reason that this is important is because we want to see who is actually active on the LinkedIn platform. Whether they've reposted it or have an original post, that means they've done something on the platform. This is really good because now if we send them a connection request, it's going to increase our chances for them to accept us. And there's also an increased chance that they respond to us based on this connection request as well. So I would highly highly recommend when you are diving deep into sales navigator is to focus on this first. Now depending on the industry that you go after, I work with some people that are in the federal or state or they're in different markets like maybe manufacturing and maybe there are people aren't as active on LinkedIn. This is also a good indicator to see are people even active on LinkedIn cuz then you

might have to divert and do a cold call or an email but this at least lets you know who's there. So, what I would say here is post on LinkedIn in the last 30 days. You want to use this as your main filter to make sure that people are active before you do anything. Okay. So, let's I like to call this stacking right here. So, we have this filter. Now, we're going to stack on this filter. And the next one that we're going to look at is years in company. So, this is counterintuitive to a lot of advice you may see out there. A lot of people are say, "Hey, look at change jobs." I don't think change jobs is great unless you know the person. If I know somebody and they change jobs, oh, I'm hitting them up. Hey, I'm pulling up on you. Right? However, if they haven't changed, if they just changed jobs and you don't know them, I want you to think about the noise that they're getting. Other reps are going to reach out. Everyone else is bombarding them saying, "Congrats on the new role. Give me your money. Give me your money." Right? That's what's going to happen. So, we don't want that. We want to be different. So, I'm always about breaking through the noise. And what we believe here at AMP Social, when we work with B2B sales teams, we focus on how we actually break this noise. So, the thing we focus on is actually less

than one year. And here's the psychology behind this. We'll use Tim. Shout out to Tim. We'll use Tim as example. At 4 months in your role and at your company, you've been at the company for at least a quarter. You know the lay of the land. You know what's going on. You see what the problems are. And now you are in more of a position to bring something in to solve that problem. If you're a month in, you don't even know where the bathroom is yet. You don't even want to log into your email. So you think they're going to take a meeting with you and they can help. Probably not. So what are we really looking for here, right? What are we looking looking for? Uh we're just looking at the end of the day look four months in this role or I'll call it four to 10 months. So if we find someone at the nine like Farah this is also really good as well means they've been at least there for two quarters. We want to really aim for these leads cuz it's the best way of going about it. Right? So that's an example there. Now let's go a little bit deeper. The next filter I like to look at is follows your company. Now if you don't have that many followers on this account and you're just starting your own business, this is probably not going to be as applicable to you to be fair. However, at the same time, for the majority of you maybe

tuning in to this video, you probably have a good amount of followers. So, I would do this. Check to see in your target accounts, do people follow your company? Cuz if they are, that's an easy way to get more people to accept your connection requests. That's an easy way people for people to engage with you, right? This is how your conversations can get started. And I highly recommend you to start focusing on this so you can get in front of the right people, right? That's the whole goal at the end of the day. So, I definitely tap into this at this point. Yes, it's good to put the post on LinkedIn, but you don't always have to do this. I would just try to collect as many people as possible that follows your company. So, I would actually have this as a standalone so I can find more people I can connect with that again are lowhanging fruit. And this is a good people to reach out to, right? And and I'll go back in here and into messaging in a minute, but I just want to show you what the filters are so we can get things sorted. So, those are our three so far. Well, we got two more for you. So the other one that you need to pay attention to is is a combo which is past company, current company, current job title. So let me give you an example on this. And there's tools that can do this, but if you don't have these

tools, this is what I would recommend. Think about all the customers your company has. If you have no customers as well, like you can easily use this for you can go on on a competitor's website, see who their customers are, and you can run the same analysis. It's just going to look different, but you can still run this. But let's say again you're you're going after and you're talking to a customer or no you're looking at someone who used to work at a customer. So for example in the past I've worked with HubSpot that is uh someone I've worked with. So I'm going to put past right then the next step is I want to see who used to work at HubSpot that is now at a new company cuz I can reference the work I did there. So now what I'm going to do is I can put in any company I'm trying to get in front of or if you have the upgraded license, you actually can put in your target account list and do this here. And I'll show you how to do that in a minute if you don't want to do it. But now I can see who used to work at HubSpot and now I can reach out to these people that are at these companies. And I have about 300 examples, which is pretty good. But let's just say, hey, I I'm just trying to get into, you know, a big company, but I'm trying to find my way in. So let's say let's just use Google. Google's big, but let's just use

Google. So, what I'm going to do is who used to work at HubSpot, now they work at Google, which I'm trying to get into, and then I'm going to do the boolean search of titles I go after. So, we offer a program called Sales Team 6. And it's a 45day program where we coach people on social selling as a foundation, helping sellers become human and AI world, and helping them with their outbound motions so they can convert more target accounts, right? Uh, and by the way, if you're interested in that, you can hit me up. But the thing is, the whole goal is we're going after VPs of sales, right? and we're going after sales development and we're going after hold up we're going after enablement. These are the main titles we look at and CRO too but like these are the main ones. So I I drill it down and find that okay this one person used to work at HubSpot it looks like pretty HubSpot right here in enablement and now she's here. So this would be a probably a good person for me to reach out to based on the criteria I mapped out. We want to narrow down as much as possible in sales nav to find the right people we want to go after. And so now we have a pathway. And so you'll see right here with sales nav, it's all about having pathways. And the better pathways we

have, the better we are. And the belief that most people have with sales nav is that it's it doesn't have maximum utility. Well, the reason for that is because you there's no system in play. You'll see right here what I'm walking through this is a system. Any organization that you're at and all organizations I work with, we come up with a pathway and a system for you to easily get into sales nab and book more meetings. And so this is how we do it. And so you'll see right here, this is an example of how exactly to go about this. And now you can add in your past companies and current companies. Last one I want to share is my favorite one. People be creeping. People who viewed your profile. I laugh because this is the only only platform in the world that allows you to see who's used your profile. And this is important. So now I can see all the people who have viewed my profile. These are people are lowhanging fruit. Now not all the people I'm looking at right now are relevant, but that's fine because all I'm going to do at the end of the day is boom, I'm going to say okay who in sales development view my profile. So now I got about 300 people. So I could tap into these people and see is there an opportunity to work together? We don't know, but we're going to see. I also have enablement. I'm going to tap in and see, okay, who in enablement can I reach

out to as well. So, you see here, I'm I'm tapped in. I'm doing all sorts of stuff to figure out what's going on. And you can do the same exact thing. Right now, for a couple things here on messaging, when you see someone viewed your profile recently, the thing that I typically like to use is, "Hi, let's say uh shout out to my friend Jyn Allen." Let's say, okay, for for Jen Allen at the end of the day, I want to reach out to her, right? I say, "Hi, Jyn. saw you view my profile. What prompted the view? Or another one we like to use is, "Hi, Jen. Saw you view my profile." Typically, when people uh look at my profile, they're either looking for social selling services or they're really enjoying the content. Which is it? So, that way we can start a dialogue as well. If it's services, then great, we have a conversation. I just booked a meeting. If it's just the content, great. What did you like about the content? Now, we have another dialogue. As you see here, I'm just looking to start the conversation, right? Let's look at past company. I literally would put in the subject line if I was sending an email either HubSpot or previous work at HubSpot. That's it. Keep these simple, right? We ain't trying to be doing three here. Just keep it simple.

Now, when I've done that, the next phase of that thing is going to be the intro email. Hi, Sal or hi Sally. Notice that you recently worked at HubSpot. That's great news because we've actually done some work with them in the past around social selling and we were able to help them get, you know, $200,000 in pipeline through these LinkedIn efforts. And based on where you're at right now, looks like you're hiring a sales team. It looks like they're growing. Would you be open to hearing how we did that with them? Now, I'm making those numbers up. Can't give the real numbers, but like that's an example of what you would do, right? Post it on LinkedIn, see what they posted, and use their post in the subject line, and then talk about what you learned in that post and reach out to them. Less than one year at the company. If they've been at four months, hey, typically when we people see people at four months, this is the pain point we see. Here's how we can help. See what I'm doing here? I'm finding pathways to connect them. And that's how you use Sales Navigator. Every filter on this screen leads to money. And when you look at it that way, that's when it gets more fun. But it ain't over. We got more to go. So once we do this, I'm going to use I'm going to use this again. Now we have the filters down. Now we want to evolve

into the save searches. Now when we go into save searches, we're using this to basically single ourselves as inbounds that could potentially come in. And what I mean by that is we're creating our own inbound engine based on the intent signals that occur on sales now. So check this out. So we'll use viewed profile recently. So, what I'm looking for is again going back to my list, these are my target accounts. So, I've seen in my target accounts, there's about 82 people that have viewed my profile that are within the target accounts. Cool. So, now what I'm going to do is I'm going to save that and it comes up here. Now, you'll see I did it here. I call it people who have been creeping. We'll do part two just cuz I did this earlier for somebody. And the thing is now anybody that views my profile, I'll be alerted. I don't have to check this out every single day. So, check this out here. in new results, I will be alerted. So, we'll just use this as an example. You'll see right here, boom, this person has viewed my profile. Now, I can engage. I know exactly what to do now. And so, I'm going to go in and tap in and see what these people are on cuz they view my profile. Maybe they there's clearly something happening and now I'm going to investigate. Now, some

people you could send a connection request, they don't reply. That's fine, but at least they viewed it. They're active. That's what we want. We want people to at least engage with us and say, "Okay, at least they're active, right?" So, that's an example. Here's another one that you can do. Post it on LinkedIn. Let's say you're like, "Okay, I really want to get in front of the VP of marketing." Choose a different persona this time. And you could even drill it down to certain head counts for example, but let's just keep it broad just to show you an example. So, what I would do is I'm saving this search VP of marketing posted on LinkedIn. So, anytime they post, I can click here and I can see what they're posting. Last one I'll share with this a fun one. So, some of you right now, you have execs that you should be asking for interviews on. This is a belief I'm going to crack for you. Oh, net new is the only way for prospect to work. No, it does. No, that's no. No, it's not. No, it's not. You can actually use connections of to get referrals into the people you're looking to get in front of. Don't sleep on this. So, what you can do is you click connections of and I'm going to use Ralph for example cuz I already used him earlier uh in my in my safe search. You'll see it. He's recently a client I work with. He's a good friend of mine as well. So, what I'm doing here is it shows me all the people he's connected with and now I can get referrals here.

So, anybody that I'm looking to connect with here, I can get in front of him by doing this. So, boom. Connections of I'm going to put Ralph. I'm going X this out so we're not getting annoyed here. I'm going to put in the job titles I care about. So again, if we do sales development and I'm typing this out. You can shortkey it, but I just want youall to see it every time so it it trains you to do this. And the reason we do this, by the way, is because it tightens the search. It makes it easier. So then once we get here, right, I can see all the people he's connect with and I can use this as leverage to ask for intros if I need to, right? So connections of job title. We got this here. We're good to go. I click save search and now every time a person that falls within this realm that Ralph is connected to I can get an intro from Ralph and you see I think I did it. Yeah, see right here I have something here as well um where I've used it connections of as an example. Save searches are great. I would do people have been creeping your target accounts, things of that nature. I would use if they posted on LinkedIn the last 30 days, past companies, that's

a really good one. If you're looking at a past company and they've gone to a new company, that's another good one to use. But save search is a way to stand out. And a lot of people don't use this. And I want to go to the home screen to show you something real quick. If you have this license, if you don't, then completely skip this part of the video. But for all of you here, you want to make sure you upload this account list. And then now you could upload this. I'm not going to do the whole thing right now, but you could upload your target account list in here. So now it allows you, as you see here, to then upload these things here as well. And so my on-site amp are people I want to work with that are on-site uh because that is our new way of going about it and that's how we do it. Which by the way if you are watching this video and you're like man I wish my team had a system that they could implement with sales nav because our usage rate is around 10 to 20% which is typically what we see with clients and we help them increase that and book more quality meetings. You can DM me on LinkedIn if you're like hey I want to talk about this. Uh you can also book time with me as well. Uh and it will be inside the description if you want to do that. Uh because we're actually coming on site and teaching people exactly what to do when it comes to sales nav so they can book more meetings in their target account list uh

in a more quality way uh instead of wasting away with this tool. So if you want to spend time with us, you can definitely do that on site. But that's why we have the on-site here. And as you see, right, there's a lot of people I could reach out to. But again, I'm defining my search to make this easy, right? At the end of the day. So within that, y'all ready? Y'all ready for the next one? I don't know if you're ready for the next one. If y'all been finding value in this video so far, you can leave me a comment. But what we're going to do is we're going to go to the leads. So, we're going to build some lead list here. And as you see, I got a lot of lead list. The the one there's a couple I just want to point to you. This first one is the recently accepted. I believe that this is the most beneficial lead list that you will create. Actually, you don't even create system generated. I lied. It's system generated. So, what it does is it shows you all the people who recently accepted your connection request. So, this is really good just to dig in and see what's going on and people you can send messages to. So, you see I have a whole slew of people I could reach out to and engage with. Now, whether I do that or not, right, is up to me based on what I have and what I'm looking to reach out to people on. But you kind of see here what I could do. I

can reach out to these people and start some really good dialogue and some conversations. So, I can go in here and look at recently accepted. And as well, it tells you when they've accepted it based on the day. So, now you can drill in. And the other thing that I would drill into is this. You want to create a save a a lead list of all the people that you have personally worked with. So if you are a founder watching this video, you are a sales leader watching this video, you're account executive or s about to be an AE at some point, you need to build this list. This is how you create a digital rolodex that creates a flywheel pipeline because when I go in here, there are people that I already work with and they change jobs. I'm going to hit them up, right? That's when we use the change jobs. Remember before I said for people that are cold, we don't use that. But when they are firstderee, this is when we do reach out to them when they change jobs because we already know this person. So when you tap into this list, I mean, I'm not going to go too deep, but basically you're going to see here people that I work with. These are people who changed jobs in my past 90 days. I can tap in. I can reach out to them and have a conversation if I'm looking for that conversation. Not every single person

may be the person that I may be working with, but at the end of the day, this is an example of how you can do that. So again, this is an overall example of what you can do. I'm just showing you different things on how you can go about it and what you can do and how you can take action. You can leverage this for people that change jobs. You can also see who's following the company. You can also see your overall results and see who you can tap into as well. Another list, if you are a territory type rep or a sales leader, I would focus on building territories on this. So, I have Toronto, I have New York, I have Denver, I have a New York. Again, I'm building out a lot of these over time because I want to make sure that I have the right lead list and the right people I reach out to and I want to make sure I'm doing the right things. And for every lead, every account list you build, you'll see right here, we're I'm building this in real time. So, this is actually me. I still do my own prospecting and active activity. So, you'll see kind of me building things in real time here. This right here is for people that we want to work with on site. So, now I'm adding them to a list. You'll see I'm starting to do this right now. And here's an

example of how to do this. Last things I'll share. A couple things, miss to bunk to bunk. Uh I think a lot of people when it comes to inmails, I think it's a hit or miss. I'm not saying don't do that at all. When it comes to inmails, what you want to do is you want to reference another attempt. And I used to be against this, but we've seen it work with clients, especially clients that are targeting uh $200 million organizations to about a billion dollar organizations. So mid-market to enterprise type accounts. We find we use inmails to nudge people to go do something else. So, for example, if someone's like sends a sends a personalized email, we'll use the email to say, "Hi, Bo. I sent you an email with the subject line marshmallows. Any feedback on it?" And we've seen people get responses in their inmail from a personalized email. So, don't hesitate to do this, especially if you sent like a LinkedIn video on the regular platform. Use an email and say, "Hey, Bobby, I just sent you a video that was 30 seconds. Hey, check it out." This email is just a really good reference point because you're probably not going to get responses on the email itself. And if people have that, like you can let me know in the comments, too. But what I've seen is that actually people

are more willing to engage with you at the end of the day if you just kind of nudge them to something else. Hey, send out see that email I just sent you. Check out that video I just sent you. That has more of the likelihood of a response when you do that, right? So, just check that out. And then the last thing that I'll point to is some people may have this on the account IQ side. Uh I found this to be really good. So, I'll just put up an account that I know is growing right now, so they'll have a good example. So, shout out to Vanup. And if we go down one, you can generate insights with account IQ. I really like this, especially when you map it towards your product. It gives you the takeaways on how you could reach out. So, again, like I said, I have a sales team 6 program. It gives me ideas on how I can reach out. I'm not saying these are the exact same things I need to do, but it gives you some indicators on what to think about and make your messaging more relevant and better and how you actually go about it. Then if we scroll down here, this is one of my favorite things I'll leave you'all with is looking at the company growth. Now, some people may not have this much of growth, but is important to look at. So, what I do is I look at two things. One is distribution

and headcount. So, what I do is I screenshot this. I want to show you what I do. I literally screenshot this, right? I screenshot this and I use it in in an email. So, literally all you could do is say 90% growth in a year. That's your subject line. Or you could be literally say sales team growth and then put this screenshot and say hey in the last year your team has grown by a 96% that's probably going to lead into some opportunities to sell on something. If you're selling something in customer success 63% increase in last year engineering 74% increase in last year. You can screenshot and leverage that in your messaging. job openings, human HR. In the last three months, they've had a 120% increase in career job openings at this company for HR. So that means we need to dive in and figure out what the heck is going on, right? That might be a good opportunity to sell your services, right? So ultimately, at the end of the day, as you see with Sales Navigator, it's all about having a system. It's about making sure at the end of the day

that you are implementing the system that we just talked about. So, we talked about, hey, you got your five filters you can work on, and I added some other ones you can use as well. You're incorporating your save searches so that you can use it as an inbound funnel. You're using the messaging I mentioned across the board, keeping your emails three to five sentences, using this, your subject line should come from the filters that you're getting from as well, so you can reach out to these individuals. And then lastly, building the lead list and your target account list, your cities you're going after, people you've worked with and recently accepted, so you can be very targeted and relevant how you go about this and leveraging the screenshots you get from the different headcounts and distributions and job openings. So, like I said, if you're interested in in working with us and you can use all this information by yourself, but if you want it more hands-on with your team, feel free to hit me up uh and we can talk about how we're working with organizations to help them book more quality meetings uh with our 45day program. Uh but if not, hope you enjoyed this video. Uh and let me know what else you'd like to see in sales nav or

LinkedIn outbound prospecting and we'll see you all next one. happen. Prospect the air
