# My 4R Active Listening Framework for B2B Sales

**Creator:** Leslie Venetz

**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a_Cdjdl4zA

## Transcript

This is the number one reason why sales is the most hated profession in the world. And I'm going to teach you how to stop being so hated by resisting the temptation to interrupt and resisting the temptation to rent space, get distracted while you are on sales calls. I teach a four-step framework, a four-hour framework, but we are going to jump right to the most impactful step, resist. The resist step of the framework is all about resisting that temptation to interrupt, but really resisting any temptation to take the spotlight off the speaker and put it on yourself. So when people think about active listening, they often just think of it as the absence of talking. But I think that active listening is much more than just not talking, not interrupting. There's a few ways that I see this manifest on sales calls. I think one of the most common ways is by renting space in your head to whatever you're going to say next. So when I'm working with sales people, I often find that even when they are listening, they are listening with the goal of responding instead of the goal of listening to understand. So if you are renting space in your head to

what you're going to say next, that is not active listening. That is just waiting for your turn to talk. The second way I'm going to ask you to resist is to resist the temptation to assume that you know what your prospect is is trying to communicate. And I I get why this one is so prevalent, especially on sales conversations, because we hear our prospects share the same problems and the same opportunities and the same pain points over and over again. So when we hear something that we have heard a hundred times before, we assume that we know what the answer is or what they're trying to communicate or what that specifically means for them in their job at this particular company. And that's that's a bad assumption to leap to. And what makes it worse, what makes it even more anti-active listening is that when you skip over the process of active listening to understand and

you miss those opportunities to dig deeper in the conversation, um that assumption also means that you are very likely to jump into helper mode. And what it feels like to us as sellers is that we're really excited that the prospect has said something that we can help them solve. So we're like, "Oo, they said this painoint and I know we have the solution for that and we've helped other people do it. I'm going to assume that since they said this painoint, I know everything else that I need to know and I'm ready to start helping them. I'm ready to offer them the solution to their problems." But when we jump immediately into that helper mode, and I'm intentionally using air quotes here, what it feels like to the prospect is that we have jumped into seller mode. We have not done enough work listening to understand and asking questions to have earned the right to start offering solutions. And so the

moment that we think we are helping because we're so excited because we heard them share something that we know we have an answer to, we've stopped listening. And what it feels like to them is that we don't actually care what they're trying to communicate to us. We just want to skip straight to the part where they buy something straight into sales mode. So it feels really like a hard sell. And that means that they are going to put up that psychological reluctance like that zone of resistance. Right? So we need to resist the temptation to interrupt for sure. We need to resist the temptation to rent space in our heads to what we are going to say next. We need to resist the temptation to think that we know what they are trying to explain to us or trying to share with us just because we've heard it before and jump too readily or too early into that like helper slash what they think is a hard sales mode. And then the last part of resist that I want to share with you and remember this is part of a a four R framework but we are going right into

the media part first. You need to resist sharing your own relatable story. And I will tell you folks that I'd already been doing active listening work for many many years like taking courses on having learner centered conversation uh doing exercises meditating daily like reading the books. And when I realized that I was still in progress, I was still a work in progress on active listening because one of the things I would do in conversations is try to share a relatable story to show the speaker that I understood what they were trying to communicate with me instead of doing the hard work of actually understanding. So instead of taking the time to keep the spotlight on them to let them keep talking to then you know when it is appropriate when it is my turn to ask clarifying questions to dig deeper but really all the time keeping

the spotlight on them I would skip to talking about myself like in in my head somehow I thought that active listening in the form of sharing a relatable story um was great but really I it was just me talking. It wasn't listening at all. I was just talking and in case you maybe are doing that, you see some of yourself in my story, um I will remind you that another big part of resisting within the active listening framework is making sure that you take the time to do the hard work of understanding by listening instead of trying to skip that hard work by sharing your own relatable story to prove to the speaker that you understand. So resist the whole the whole body of resist the whole you know this R in the four R framework is all about keeping the spotlight on the speaker. You're going to have an opportunity to speak later. It's not now. And so resist like I said it's one of four Rs. The other Rs are reinforce and then it's resist and then it is restate to make sure that you got it

right to make sure you are dialed in and then relevant so that when it is your chance to talk you have something that is relevant to say but with and resist those four examples that I shared with you those are four of the most common ways that I hear sellers make buyers feel unheard and I listen to hundreds thousands of sales calls every single year. So, you need to start listening to understand instead of listening to respond. And if you want to have better sales conversations, you really do have to remember the old adage that we have two ears in one mouth. If you're willing to give that a try, kudos to you. Do it and then come back and report in the comments for how it went. And make sure to like and subscribe for
