# PQS or PVP Message: The Only Way to Do GTM in 2025

**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Shf713FnkS8

## Transcript

learned today about how to send a message they would pay to receive. Let me talk to you about my core belief and the way in which I think you should organize all of your go to market efforts. So this is around two things you or you orient around the message. The list is the message I always say. Now there's two core things to orient all of your go to market efforts around a PQS and a PVP. PQS PVP. PQS PVP. Now uh the first one which is not as good frankly is a painqualified segment. These are folks that through data that you can programmatically identify are in the exact same situation as a customer. Now let me talk to you about a talk that I gave at CTOX. It's a lovely organization and I love chatting with these folks. And so I ask a uh uh Jim an engineer to sort of stand up and say look I know I know CTO's you got you guys all have 87page resumes. So of

course uh Jim sends up and said here is my 87page resume which is great engineers are very specific and so he's he's trying to be a fractional good fractional CTO and so we wanted to ask well where can you unfairly compete? Well, it turns out that he worked at Verizon. And at Verizon, he studied replacing physical cables, okay? In case you don't know what a cable is, with wireless networks, local wireless networks. Well, why does this matter? Well, it turns out that in a lot of factories, especially really large factories, there is a bunch of cable connecting things and it's very, very, very expensive. Now, of course, this doesn't work for everything, but he found out that there are some cases where you if you need more than five milliseconds of latency or greater, I think that's right, that you can replace it with a wireless network. Well, what does that mean? That means millions of dollars. It's like $1,000 a mile or

something for Cat 5 cable, especially if you get the really good stuff. And so, suddenly now I said I said, "Hey, hey, Jim, how many people in the world are good at this?" this and he's like a thousand or less. So now we know that now Jim has to compete with a thousand people for a fractional CTO row. But here's the question. How do we know which companies? Well, we're looking are they expanding centers are hey um are they expanding centers? This is going to be the thumbnail for sure. Are they expanding centers? Right. Do they have um can they handle this uh a higher latency? Right? It's not like where actual like response speed is absolutely important to run a robot or whatever where some delay is okay. uh where there's a lot of cable so where you can save a lot of money that is a painqualified segment for him because if he can find that all he has to do is talk about his exact experience at Verizon and what the message looks like

is Jordan I know you're opening a new facility at 123 Main Street and it's 80,000 square ft um based on my math and you're going to spend about $8 million on cables alone own. I worked at Verizon and we were studying a way at in local factory environments to replace cables with local 5G networks. Do you want to learn about what I know? That's the message. That's a painqualified segment. And really what you're trying to do is like how can you find customers in the exact same situation and tell the exact story of your expertise to the next customer? your believability increases dramatically. And ideally in this case, you're saying most people zigg. Here's why all of our customers before they came to us, they zigged. Here's why they zagged. And here is the benefit of that. Basically, why did they make a choice here? What was the con what were the

consequences of that choice? Ideally, this is the sort of obvious choice and uh why they took the non-obvious choice and why they're better off with with our product for taking that non-obvious choice. So, you're actually sharing insight here. And uh Jim could have gone a little bit further and even said like, "Hey, in your case, like there's some uh constraints that you might think about when you're buying." Like he may even have an understanding of the cables. He might say, "Hey, look, if you're buying $80 million, I have got some good suppliers here that um you know, or like I can help you pick out even the wires and save you a bunch of money, right?" Okay, that's a PQS, a pain qualified segment. Now, there's something even better, which is a PVP, a permissionless value prop. What you're trying to do with a PVP is you're trying to structure data in the world to provide someone a non-obvious insight that is independently valuable that is related to your product and it's compiled only with public data. That is a PVP. So let me give you an example of

this for a company that we uh let's actually give the Texada example because this is easy like the easiest to understand. So Texa is a company that does equipment rental like large equipment rental. Well, it turns out that there if you move large equipments you have to file a a transit permit with the Department of Transit, right? a big big ass thing is going to be on the road. So when a big ass thing is on the road, you know when it's not on the road because you can't find any permits. Okay, so that means it's in the storage shed. Okay, now we know what excavator you have and we know how big it is and we know if it's not being used. Well, we can use the shovels database, for example, and go find uh permits of construction, a large construction. And by the way, AI can tell if it needs this thing. So, I can blend these two things and say, Earl, your CAT 365 excavator, I should make it up something. Um, uh,

seems to be not on the move right now. If I was look, if I'm reading my Department of Transit permit, right? Um, did you see that they just filed a large construction project for 123 Main Street? It's about a half a mile away from you. Um, I threw this thing at AI and it says that it need it probably is going to need your tool for about six weeks and looking at uh public rental rates. That's about a $170,000 uh job. Here is the person to contact. Here's the foreman. Uh, here's the the head of the construction company. Here's their email. Here's their phone number. I hope this was useful. I just provided them a lead for them to go contact with a verifiable job and I know that their excavator is not being used. Now, even if you get this um even if like let's say for example it was on the move and they didn't file a move permit or or whatever, right? You don't have to be perfect with this because

you're just promising value. Sometimes you're going to miss. This is the nature of doing this at large scale. But if you can do this right, the message is independently useful to the recipient. So everything I do is organized around either a PQS or a PVP. It is much easier to do PVPs for vertical SAS companies because they bleed more data because they have a focused ideal customer profile because they have more content online. horizontal SAS companies have a really hard time because and the PQS and the PVP force them to narrow down to really say who is my very very best segment, what makes them um uh qualified here and what exact problem they have where I have some insight. Uh I got a course coming up. Uh you can watch me do this type of work live on the cannibal go to market cannibal uh uh 9:00 am every Friday and I've got a course coming up. It'll be $1,000 and it will talk about this who to target what to say and my whole

process for how we got here what we should do next and how uh how you should do it all the prompts you needed to run PQS's and PVPs. Now, I think this is live uh but you can subscribe to my uh newsletter here which is going to actually go walk you through this argument. If you go to pvp.bloopprintgtm.com, you can type in your email and let's see if some emails go out. Thank you so much for watching. I am so grateful for you. Have a beautiful
